Nowadays, the power amplifier (PA) design paradigm is changing. Modern wireless networks push for PAs bandwidth, higher efficiencies and improved linearity requiring the use of more complex architectures [1][2]. Therefore, although the PA design methodology based on load-pull and S-parameter measurements obtained good results in the past [3], it is now very difficult to achieve the required figures of merit maintaining these design methodologies. This being the case, the use of CAD programs with accurate nonlinear models becomes of paramount importance. Such models have been intensively described in literature [4][5], and are particularly interesting in the case of high frequency designs, mainly for the future mm-wave 5G networks, since at these frequencies the load-pull measurements are much harder to perform and the required equipment is very specific and expensive. The problem with this approach is that the obtained PA performance is strongly dependent on the accuracy of the used device models, which is strongly correlated with the quality of the measurements performed during the nonlinear model extraction [6].
Gallium Nitride (GaN) High Electron Mobility Transistors (HEMTs) are predominantly adopted on these new mm-wave state-of-art PAs due to their advantages in terms of power density, cut-off frequency and high thermal conductivity. However, these devices are still affected by many frequency dispersive phenomena as thermal and trapping effects [7]-[9]. These problems cause a substantial discrepancy between their static and dynamic characteristics. Thus, in order to properly model their behavior isodynamic measurements are necessary, which leads to more sophisticated measurement setups. 
There are two main approaches to characterize these new devices: (i) Continuous wave (CW) excitations to cover the entire I/V plane [10], which implies a complicated curve-fitting process to simultaneously extract the resistive and reactive components of the device. (ii) Pulsed I/V and S-parameter measurements [11][12], for which a system that allows the generation of very fast, high-power and arbitrary waveform pulses is necessary. In these last ones, the capability to generate arbitrary bias signals is of remarkable importance, because it allows to generate specific waveforms that are necessary to guarantee isothermal measurements and avoid dispersive phenomena [11]. There are already pulsed measurements systems able to generate 100 V and 7 A pulses with 600 ns settling time [13]-[15], and some modern pulsers that can handle 5000 W or even higher instantaneous power [16][17]. However, they are very expensive and unable to generate the necessary waveforms.
Compared to the available ones, this paper presents a cost effective and more versatile measurement system, which allows the use of arbitrary waveform signals. This makes possible to obtain accurate and isodynamic pulsed measurements. Thus, the main contributions of this paper are the power head and respective characterization signal waveform design. To test the implemented system a 15 W GaN device from Wolfspeed was measured and shown to be mainly affected by drain lag and temperature effects. The second part of this paper is dedicated to the measurement setup and pulser implementation. The third section will be devoted to the waveform design. Lastly, in the fourth section, the measurements will be compared with I/V curves obtained from the integration of the small signal transcondutance (g_m) and output conductance (g_ds). The good agreement obtained between all the sets of curves attests its isodynamic behavior.